Job Description :
Responsibilities include understanding requirements, architecture design, development of reports
and dashboards using Tableau. This is a technical position providing hands-on delivery role,
working with the cross-functional teams, while ensuring excellent cross functional relationship.
Job Details:
Responsible for end-to-end design, coding, testing, review and implementation using Tableau
desktop &amp; server
Additional responsibilities include troubleshooting, maintenance, and optimization or
enhancement of existing processes
Partner with engineering leads and architects to define &amp; coordinate technical design.
Design and code reviews to ensure standards and quality level for the build
Prepare technical documentations on the deliverables
Identify, define and implement best practices for process improvements for SDLC management
Experiences:
6 to 8 Years of IT experience with last 5 years in Tableau development.
Experience with Structured Query Language (SQL), data analysis, data profiling, data validation.
Good to have experience in PLSQL, Stored Procedures, Exasol Lua script.
Solid technical background with a complete understanding of Data Warehouse Modeling,
architectures, OLAP, OLTP data sets, etc.
Experience in designing Tableau models with Live &amp; Extract data source. Good to have
experience in Tableau Prep.
Experienced in designing “data exploratory” &amp; “storyline-based analytics
dashboard/wireframes/prototypes.”
Familiarity with graphic design, data visualization and user experience
Experience working with Tableau server and user management, performance tuning, security in
Tableau server. Good to have experience in Tableau plugins &amp; Hyper Extract API.
Detail oriented with strong organizational skills.
Strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities
Must be a team player with strong inter-personal skills.
Experience working with global team in different time zones.
Must be able to lead a small team of Tableau developers.

Experience with Python, JavaScript will be plus.
Must be able to work in a fast-paced team environment with minimal supervision. Must have the
ability to escalate issues in a timely manner.
Excellent written, verbal, presentation &amp; documentation skills to foster clarity and predictability.
Must be able to effectively communicate with people at different levels including customers,
vendors, management, technical stake holders, developers etc.
Experience with Structured Query Language (SQL), data analysis, data profiling &amp; data validation
Good to have experience in PLSQL, Stored Procedures, Exasol Lua script
Tableau Modeling
Experience in designing Tableau models with Live and Extract data source.
Good to have experience in Tableau Prep
Data Artist/Visualization
Experienced in designing “data exploratory” &amp; “storyline-based analytics dashboard/
wireframes/prototypes.”
Familiarity with graphic design, data visualization and user experience
Good to have experience in D3.js and other charting libraries
Tableau Server
Good to have experience in Tableau plugins &amp; Hyper Extract API
Debugging &amp; Operational Skills
Tableau debugging skills, Tableau performance optimization, folder/project/security group
creation
Good to have experience in Tableau perfmonitor, SAML tracer,
Software engineering
Experience with Python, JavaScript will be plus
Data Platform/Data Warehouse
Solid technical background with a complete understanding of Data Warehouse Modeling,
architectures, OLAP, OLTP data sets, etc.
Experience on Google Bigquery, Google BI Engine, Google Cloud Platform
Data Modeling
Data modeling, PL/SQL, star &amp; snowflake schema design, in-memory
NoSQL &amp; indexing technologies

Experience (Min) : 6.0 Years
Experience (Max) : 8.0 Years
Job Type : Remote


You will be asked to answer the following questions when submitting a proposal:
Are you available for next 6-12 months for a full time project?
Describe your recent experience with similar projects


https://www.upwork.com/jobs/~012d84a5268fcb991d
